Sync from MSAL wiki page, add prompt Create info (#72667)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/develop/scenario-desktop-acquire-token.md

- ``Create`` triggers a sign-up experience, which is used for External Identities, by sending `prompt=create` to the identity provider. For more information, see [Add a self-service sign-up user flow to an app](https://aka.ms/msal-net-prompt-create).
- ``Never`` (for .NET 4.5 and WinRT only) won't prompt the user, but instead tries to use the cookie stored in the hidden embedded web view. For more information, see web views in MSAL.NET. Using this option might fail. In that case, `AcquireTokenInteractive` throws an exception to notify that a UI interaction is needed. You'll need to use another `Prompt` parameter.
- ``NoPrompt`` won't send any prompt to the identity provider. This option is useful only for Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) B2C edit profile policies. For more information, see [Azure AD B2C specifics](https://aka.ms/msal-net-b2c-specificities).

#### WithUseEmbeddedWebView

> This method enables you to specify if you want to force the usage of an embedded WebView or the system WebView (when available). For more information, see [Usage of web browsers](https://aka.ms/msal-net-uses-web-browser).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method enables you to specify if you want to force the usage of an embedded WebView or the system WebView (when available). For more information, see [Usage of web browsers](msal-net-web-browsers.md).
```
